BS - 23 (#68)
CodetheChangeFoundation/UHN-Backend-Server: controllers/README.md

}
```

> ### Getting the responding to list of a userRespondingTo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting the users a responder is watching for
```

> GET "/users/{id}/responding_to"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GET "/users/{id}/responding-to"
```

HTTP Response:

```
{

>     "Responding_To": [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "respondingTo": [
```

        {
            "username": string,
            "id": string,

>             "naloxoneAvailability": boolean

Reviewer: We don't need the availability field in the response

Author: @Asiapenguin Confirming we don't need the availability field in the response?

Reviewer 2: We dont need it. The screens dont have availability status.

Reviewer 2: Just an aside, thats not the right attribute for availability status anyway lol.

Author: got it lol
